[ Chattering ]
[ Carrie ]
l don't care where he is.
Find him. lt's urgent.
[ Tires Squealing ]
Yes, l'll hold.
He's been locked up
for almost a year,
and overnight they decide
to hold a trial and pronounce
a death sentence?
What'd you expect?
Hasan blew up 1 29 civilians
in a marketplace in Ramadi.
l know what he did.
l also know he's got intel about
an imminent attack on U.S. soil.
Ηe's been dangling
this so-called attack
for the last three months.
Yeah. And now he'll come clean
if we commute his sentence.
We don't dictate law
to the Iraqis anymore.
Τhis is their jurisdiction,
and Hasan is their prisoner.
David.
[ Tires Screech ]
- [ Ηorn Honks ]
- [ Honks ]
[ Ηonking ]
Ηold on a second.
He's Abu Nazir's
bomb maker, David.
Execute him now,
and everything he knows
is gone forever.
You had your shot.
It's over.
l'm on my way
to the prison now.
At least petition JSOC.
Have them appeal
to the Iraqi army.
JSÓC can't do anything either.
David, you're
a C.l.A. deputy director.
You can do this.
- l told you it's over.
- Please don't shut me down.
David. Senator Feldman's
looking for you.
Tell him l'll be right there.
David, please.
This is my last chance
with Hasan.
Carrie, l have to go.
I'm hanging up.
David!
[ Line Clicks, Dial Tone ]
♪♪ [ Man: Chanting Prayer ]
[ Speaking Arabic ]
Estes didn't go for it.
l knew he wouldn't.
I just-
[ Sniffs ]
Is that him?
Yes.
l'm not sure
we can trust him.
Can he get me inside or not?
Ηe says he can.
[ Lock Clicks, Door Slides ]
Now we have
only two minutes.
Understand what l say-
two minutes.
Ibrahim.
l tried to get
the Agency to intervene,
but they couldn't do anything.
l'm sorry.
So l have nothing
to say to you.
lbrahim, you said
your family was in hiding-
afraid for their lives.
l can get them to Amman.
Tell me what you know,
and l will personally
guarantee their safety.
Why should l believe
you will do what you say?
- We have to go.
- You said two minutes.
Τhe guards,
they are coming.
l need more time.
All right!
[ Speaks Arabic ]
You don't believe me?
Well, maybe I was wrong
to believe you.
You said you were an important man.
You said you had information
about an attack by Abu Nazir.
- l have information.
- Prove it.
Because unless you do,
I won't protect your family.
[ Clanking ]
[ Shouting ln Arabic ]
Please, we're out of time.
[ Whispering, lndistinct ]
[ Gasps ]
My family!
You promised
to protect them!
[ Announcer On Radio ]
You're listening to
Jim Dawkins in the Morning.
[ Siren Wailing ]
[ Man ]
Wake up, Washington.
This is Dave sitting in
for Jim Dawkins.
Uh, we got a lot
on the topic today.
So why don't you
get your phones ready
and give us a call?
They say that Washingtonians
are apathetic, and l don't
find that to be the case.
[ Fading ]
Today, we've got
a good show lined up.
[ Water Turns Off ]
[ Estes ]
Last night at 2300 G.M.T.,
one of our ground assets
produced a live lead...
on an enemy operating base
in the Korengal Valley.
Nice of you
to join us, Carrie.
Ηow is it you are the only
analyst in this section who
can't get to a briefing on time?
l wanted the whole group
to hear this.
[ Beeps ]
Within the hour,
a Delta team was on site,
where they identified
multiple insurgents
on our hit list.
Minutes later,
two UH-60 Black Hawk gunships...
lit the target
with over 8,000 rounds.
All 1 3 hostiles
were confirmed kills.
[ Man Shouts ]
But during the sweep,
one of the Deltas
found something else-
a padlocked door
to an interior room.
l wanted you
to see for yourselves.
Get the fuck down!
Get him on his feet!
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Soldier ]
What did you say?
I'm an American.
[ Murmuring ]
Τurns out
he's one of ours.
Marine Sergeant
Nicholas Brody,
M.l.A. since early 2003
and presumed dead-
until now.
What happened
to his partner?
Brody was a scout sniper.
They work in pairs.
Corporal Thomas Walker
also went missing that day.
According to Sergeant Brody,
Walker was killed
during their captivity.
But that shouldn't dampen what
is a major win for the Agency
and for everyone in this room.
You should all take a moment,
give yourselves a big hand.
Because of you,
an American hero
is coming home.
Good job.
Huh?
What were his exact words,
please?
[ Carrie ]
"An American prisoner of war
has been turned."
Ηe said this in English?
Yes.
Ηe whispered it
into my ear right before
the guards pulled me away.
And when he used
the expression "turned"-
He meant turned-
working for Abu Nazir.
Why am l just hearing
about this now?
Because until 1 0 minutes ago,
l didn't know there
were any P.O.W.'s...
still alive in Iraq
or Afghanistan.
So you're suggesting
that Abu Nazir-
[ Chattering ]
You're suggesting
that Abu Nazir...
planted intelligence
on his own safe house...
just so we could recover
Sergeant Brody?
l realize
it sounds like a reach.
To say the least.
Why not just drop him near
a checkpoint, make it look
like he escaped?
Why would you sacrifice
1 3 trained fighters?
Because Abu Nazir
is playing the long game.
This way,
no one suspects a thing.
Éxcept you.
Yeah, except me.
Yeah.
And Sergeant Brody's due home
from Germany tomorrow morning,
which gives us
just under 22 hours.
- To do what?
- [ Sighs ]
To authorize
a surveillance package.
Τo tap his phones,
wire his house,
follow him wherever he goes.
David will never sign off
on that, and you know it.
Of course he won't.
The White House needs a poster
boy for the war, and David just
served him up on a platter.
That's why l'm coming to you.
I'm not going over his head,
not on a hunch.
But if l'm right,
if he is a terrorist,
we need eyes and ears
on Brody from the minute
he steps off that plane.
Never happen.
But-
Out of the question.
Carrie.
All right, fine.
What do I have to do?
[ Sighs ]
Prove that
the safe house leak
was planted.
Or at least give me
reason to doubt
its authenticity.
l'm in the penalty box, Saul.
l'm 5,000 miles away
from my contacts.
l can't collect intelligence
from behind a desk.
Find a way.
No, don't look at me
that way.
We're all fighting
the same enemy here.
[ Buzzing ]
[ Jet Passing ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
We're ready for you,
Sergeant Brody.
Your debriefing.
l want to call my wife first.
♪♪ [ Stereo: Blues ]
[ Sighing, Panting ]
[ Moaning ]
[ Laughs ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Oh, l think that's mine.
Oh, no. Oh.
[ Chuckling ]
Don't get it. Don't.
[ Laughing ]
lt's maybe
one of my kids.
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
[ Brody ]
Jessica?
It's me.
Brody.
Brody?
[ Shaky Breathing ]
Come on, Jess.
Talk to me.
What do you want me to say?
Tell me that you're okay.
l'm not okay.
I'm a long way from okay.
Hey.
[ TV: Gunfire ]
[ Door Closes ]
- Mom!
- Where's your sister?
l thought you were
at the movies with Jody.
Dana!
Is she in her room?
Mom.
Come with me.
Dana?
Mom, just wait
a second.
l have some incredible
news for you guys.
Mom!
Dana!
Mom, don't go in there!
Mom.
- Tried to stop her.
- ♪♪ [ Rock ]
- How come you're
home so early?
- Who is he?
Xander.
Xander, you need
to leave right now.
l'll text you later.
Xan, your jacket.
Why are you making such
a big deal out of this, Mom?
Gee, Dana, l don't know.
lt's either the lying
or the drugs.
You're supposed to be
looking after your brother.
Well, he didn't
burn down the house.
- Why don't you do what you say
you're gonna do for a change?
- Mom!
What?
You said you had something
important to tell us.
- Shit!
- What, Ma?
Come here, you two.
[ Cabin Bell Dings ]
[ Man ] Τouchdown
in about two hours.
You need anything?
No, l'm good.
Thanks.
You'll have some time
with your family first.
Then you'll meet
the vice president,
who'll introduce you
to every major media outlet
in the whole country.
[ Inhales, Sighs ]
[ Man On TV ]
The turnout is overwhelming
here at Andrews Air Force Base,
where Sergeant Nicholas Brody
is scheduled to land
in just under two hours.
Now, a White House spokesman
confirms that the vice president
will be on hand.
Do you even remember him?
Not really.
As we reported, Sergeant Brody
is one of two marines...
who went missing in action
eight years ago during
a mission into Iraq...
near the Syrian border.
A former marine scout sniper,
Sergeant Brody was operating
in hostile territory...
when his spotter-
Hi, Brody.
The soldiers
were then separated-
You coming or not, Mom?
'Cause l don't think it'd be
appropriate if we were late.
Yeah. Let me
just get my coat.
Are you really
wearing that dress?
The announcement
that Sergeant Brody, in fact,
survived this eight-year ordeal...
was greeted
by a wave of enthusiasm...
from an American public
eager to greet a hero.
More details on Sergeant Brody's
captivity are expected to
come out over the coming days,
but a military spokesman
said for now-
You look pretty, Mom.
Thank you.
Let's go.
[ Alarm Blaring ]
[ Beeping ]
Start in the living room.
[ Alarm Stops ]
We got 30 minutes.
Good to see you too,
Carrie.
[ Drill Whirring ]
Who the fuck is he?
Relax. It's all good.
It's my brother, Max.
Max, say hi to the client.
Hi.
- What happened
to Nick and Eddie?
- Out of your price range.
l told you, for a grand a day,
it's gonna be bare bones.
Ηey, you got a bad feeling
about this?
You want to roll this thing up
before we get started,
you just say the word.
Eyes and ears
in every room.
Then it's back to my place
to set up the monitors.
[ Retching ]
[ Retching Continues ]
[ Officer ]
No way you could delay
the ceremony?
Not without looking
like a complete asshole.
He's in the head now
puking his guts out.
l thought the army docs
did a complete psych eval.
They did.
- So what's the problem?
- I don't know, David.
Maybe eight years
at the bottom of a hole
had something to do with it.
I have the vice president
arriving as we speak.
And I need him smiling
and waving like a hero,
like it's the fucking
Macy's Day Parade.
[ Gasps, Panting ]
[ Jet Taking Off ]
Τhe president asked me
to thank you personally.
l have to think the short list
for the directorship
just got a lot shorter.
Well, l appreciate
the consideration, sir-
not that l'm pushing for it.
Sure you are.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Exhales ]
Ah!
[ Jessica Sobs ]
[ Sobbing ]
Hi, Dad.
Dana.
Ηow was your trip?
Look at how beautiful you are.
[ Cries ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Kisses ]
Chris.
Nice to meet you.
Ηug him, Chris.
Where's Mom?
When?
Four years ago.
[ Clears Throat ]
Sergeant Brody.
The vice president's here.
lt's an honor.
Thank you, sir.
♪♪ [ Brass Band: "The Marines' Hymn" ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
You okay?
Yeah.
♪♪ [ Ends ]
Good morning, marines.
[ Together ]
Good morning, sir!
- l said,
"Good morning, marines."
- Good morning, sir!
Stand at ease.
Sergeant Brody,
on behalf of the President
of the United States
and a grateful nation,
it is my privilege
to welcome you home!
[ Marines Grunt ]
Sergeant Nicholas Brody.
[ Cheering ]
[ Cheering Continues, Whooping ]
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
l'm not really too good
at making speeches.
My wife does most of the talking
in the family.
[ Laughter ]
Even though I can't
mention 'em by name,
I want to thank
the Special Forces team
that saved my life.
And thanks to all of you
out there for your prayers
and your good wishes.
It made all the difference.
Most of all, l want to say-
I want to say thank you
to my family...
for their strength
in my absence,
and for their undying faith
this day would come.
l'm a lucky man.
[ Cheering, Applauding ]
[ Marines Grunting ]
Guy's got game.
[ Cheering Continues ]
Ηow long before
you're set up?
Τhe feed will be live
by the time Sergeant Brody
gets back to his house.
[ On TV ] More details
on Sergeant Brody's captivity
are expected to come out.
So, uh, you and Carrie-
How long you guys
known each other?
Long enough.
'Cause I'd kind of feel
a lot better...
if l had a clear picture
about who we're dealing with.
We are breaking, like,
1 2 federal laws.
You would, would you?
A clearer picture?
Why don't you shut the fuck up
and get back to work, okay?
Hey.
l'm sorry. Um-
Let's just say that
she's a little intense.
Yeah.
[ Clears Throat ]
What's that?
That's what she hides
in her aspirin bottle-
instead of aspirin.
l had one of my migraines coming on, so-
Let me see that.
What do you think it is?
l don't know.
[ Jet Passes ]
l'm driving.
Are you sure
that's a good idea?
Jesus, Mom.
Just let him drive.
Okay, l guess.
Marine!
Mike?
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Laughing ]
- Welcome back.
- Thanks, man.
How you holding up?
You look good.
lt's great to be home.
lt's great
to have you home.
ls this for real?
You stayed in?
Military intelligence.
I know, right?
Me, of all people, huh?
[ Laughs ]
And Megan? How's she?
Long gone, buddy.
She divorced me between
my second and third tours.
Ah, l'm sorry.
Nah.
Look, l hate
to bring this up,
but Langley wants
to schedule a follow-up
to your debrief in Germany.
- They asked me
to arrange it.
- [ Jessica ] When?
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
l know.
I said the same thing.
But... this guy Estes,
he wants it done
sooner than later.
Ηe just got here.
It's okay, Jess.
l'd rather just
get it over with.
Well, l'll send a car
in the morning.
Good.
And when you're
up for it-
[ Grunts ]
l'm taking you to the Greek's
for some steak and beer, buddy,
'cause we got
a lot of lost time
to start making up for.
Ηuh?
[ Sighs ]
Yeah.
God, it's good
to see you, buddy.
You too. You too.
[ Applause, Cheering ]
[ Cheering Continues ]
Look. We're famous.
[ Shouting, Cheering ]
You said you'd be ready
by the time they got home.
lt's just a minor glitch.
Give me a few minutes.
You painted the house.
Mike's brother did it.
He's a contractor.
He gave us
a really great rate.
What do you think
of the color?
l like it.
Come on. I'll show you
what we did inside.
[ Cheering Continues ]
[ Man ]
How's it feel to be back?
Ηey. Can we get a group shot
with the yellow ribbon?
What do you think?
Sure.
Come on, come on.
Yeah. lf you could
just line up in front
of the tree, yeah.
Family shot.
That's fantastic.
[ Shutter Clicking ]
Big smiles.
[ Carrie ]
l'm having trouble
collecting that intel.
l need you to get me
into Sergeant Brody's debrief
tomorrow morning.
And what good
would come of that?
l'm a trained interrogator.
l'll ask him a few questions,
poke around his story a little.
David was very specific-
principals only.
David's all about
punishing me, and not just for
what happened in Baghdad.
Do you blame him?
No, but this
shouldn't be personal.
I belong in that room.
- Will you behave yourself?
- [ Static Crackling ]
- Shh!
- Carrie?
[ Whispers ]
Sorry.
Carrie.
Uh, yeah.
I need you to promise.
You will raise
no eyebrows in there.
You will break no china.
[ Sighs ]
l promise.
Good.
Τhen you can have
your face time
with Sergeant Brody.
Thank you, Saul.
Yep.
Oh, Christ.
Well?
Hello, Big Brother.
[ Clattering ]
So when do you want me
back tomorrow? Carrie.
l need to be
in the office by 9:00,
so get here at 8:00.
Okay.
[ Chattering ]
[ Shower Running ]
[ Phone Rings ]
Ηello?
Hello.
- Hello.
- [ Line Clicks, Buzzing ]
[ Phone Beeps ]
Who was that?
Oh, Jesus! You scared me.
[ Laughing ]
Nobody. They hung up.
How was your shower?
God, you look beautiful.
Ηow about a glass of wine?
I opened a bottle.
Oh, l see
what this is now.
Dimming the lights,
plying me with liquor.
- ls it that obvious?
- Kind of.
[ Chuckling ]
l gotta say,
l like you in
that nightgown though.
My mother wears
a nightgown.
This is a negligee.
[ Laughs ]
Ηow 'bout that wine?
What do you say?
Sure.
[ Inhales, Sighs ]
[ Gasps ]
Τhe tag is still on.
ls that okay?
Yeah.
Mmm.
Jess. Jess.
Oh, my-
Oh.
Hey.
What'd they do to you?
Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Baby.
Oh, Jess.
Oh, God.
Hey.
l'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
l'm so sorry.
Let's sit down here.
[ Crying ]
Oh!
lt's over.
lt's over now, baby.
[ Crying Continues ]
I'm home.
Okay.
I'm home now, baby.
Okay. Oh, baby.
[ Panting ]
Oh, God.
[ Grunts ]
Oh!
[ Grunting ]
[ Grunting Continues ]
God!
[ Both Grunting ]
[ Brody Shouts ]
[ Shouts ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Panting ]
[ Weeping ]
[ Gasps ]
What time is it?
Quarter after 8:00.
The debrief.
I'm late. Shit!
- Want a doughnut?
- Two calls came in,
both hang-ups.
- Yeah?
- One last night,
one this morning.
Both times the wife answered.
Both times there was no one
on the other end of the line.
Did a number pop up
on the tracer?
- No. The calls were blocked.
ls there any way-
- Not without a subpoena.
Virgil, if somebody's trying
to make contact with Brody,
it'll only happen once.
And when it does,
we'll be there.
All right?
- lt's all good. Relax.
- All right.
I've gotta get dressed.
[ Estes ]
Many of the men and women
in this room...
were involved in the operation
which resulted in your rescue,
so we take an extra measure
of pride in welcoming you.
Thank you, sir.
Now, we've all read
your debrief from Germany,
so today we just have
a few more questions-
clarifications, really-
that might help us
in our ongoing fight
against Al-Qaeda.
l understand.
Good.
Good. We'll, uh, start
with Stuart Strickland,
lead analyst
in our Iraq section.
Sergeant Brody,
it's a pleasure.
A few weeks
after your capture,
Special Forces conducted
a direct action mission against
a former police H.Q. in Garma.
[ Fades ]
According to your debrief,
most of your incarceration...
was spent at a secret
military facility
outside Damascus.
What landmarks
or structural details can you
give us to help pinpoint-
Eight months ago, you were
smuggled overland to an enemy
operating base in Afghanistan.
Now, after so many years,
what prompted-
Sergeant Brody,
my name is Carrie Mathison.
l served as a case officer
in lraq.
Your picture
was on our M.l.A. wall.
l saw it every day
for five years.
lt's good to meet you
in person.
Thank you, ma'am.
l'm sorry we were unable
to find you sooner.
l appreciate that.
l'd like to start with the first
few days of your captivity,
if you don't mind.
- Not at all.
- How soon after you were taken
did the interrogations begin?
Pretty much right away.
What did they want to know?
Anything l could tell 'em
about U.S. ground operations-
supply routes,
communication codes,
rules of engagement.
When you were debriefed
in Germany,
you said you gave up
no such information.
My SERE training
was excellent.
And Corporal Walker?
- Ma'am?
- Did he give anything up?
We were never
interrogated together,
so I don't know.
But still, you must have
wondered, especially after
you learned of his death.
l'm assuming there's
a point to all this, Carrie.
There is, sir.
As you know, the first 72 hours
after a soldier's capture
are critical.
What he knows can be used
by the enemy during that period
to devastating effect.
The point is,
Sergeant Brody stopped
being a source...
of actionable intelligence
fairly quickly,
and yet he was kept alive
for almost eight more years.
l'd like to ask him
if he knows why.
l often wondered that myself.
Who was your interrogator?
An Al-Qaeda commander.
His name was Zayadi.
Zayadi?
That's what he told me
his name was anyway.
Was this him?
No.
But you know
who this man is?
Of course.
Every marine in country
was briefed
on high-value targets.
Did you ever meet him?
Abu Nazir?
Was he ever present during
any of your interrogations?
No.
Look again.
[ Man Speaks Arabic ]
[ Carrie ]
Sergeant Brody?
No, l never met him.
What- What about Walker?
Did he ever mention Abu Nazir?
No.
You sure?
Carrie, how many times
does the man have to answer
the question?
lt's just l'm a little surprised, sir.
Abu Nazir was in charge
of coordinating attacks...
against coalition forces
at the time.
No one had more reason to sit
down with the only two American
P.O.W.'s in his custody.
Well, apparently, he didn't.
ls there anything else,
Carrie?
No, sir, that's it.
Thank you, Sergeant Brody.
Thank you.
[ Estes ]
Moving on. Sergeant Brody,
l'd like to turn your attention
to anything you may have
witnessed or overheard...
while in captivity.
- [ Chris ] Remember Mrs. Base?
- [ Dana ] The math teacher?
- Yeah.
- She was my least-favorite
teacher of all time.
- She's so annoying.
- Hey, can you guys come
in here a second?
Ηey, l need help
getting ready for tonight.
What's tonight?
Some of your father's buddies
from Bravo Company are coming
over for a barbecue.
Uh, there's a bag of corn
that needs to be shucked.
The grill needs to be cleaned.
l'll do the corn.
So, do l have to be here?
Why is everything always
a problem with you?
l was just asking a question.
l know things
haven't been easy
between you and me,
but we all have to
find a way to be there
for each other now, okay?
[ Phone Rings ]
Yeah, okay.
Clean the grill.
[ Ringing Continues ]
Hello.
[ Brody ]
Hey, Jess.
- Hey. Ηow did it go?
- l'm actually still here
at Langley.
l'm stuck in this debrief,
and it's taking a little longer
than I expected.
How much longer?
Oh, only an hour.
Two maybe.
Well, don't forget,
everybody's coming at 5:00.
[ Brody ]
Sure. l won't be late.
Okay. Bye, honey.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Walden ] Sergeant Brody,
you're a man who's endured
a terrible ordeal.
Thank you,
Mr. Vice President.
[ Phone Buzzing ]
- Anything?
- As a matter of fact, yeah.
- Brody just lied to his wife.
- Tell me.
Max is tailing his Town Car.
Brody just said he was
still at Langley.
But he told his driver
to drop him off
at Bluemont Park.
Τhis is it.
He's making contact.
All right.
l'll meet you there.
Where's Bluemont Park?
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
Saul?
Hey. Late for
a meeting off-campus.
Ηow many boards
can one man sit on?
You kissed Carrie Mathison
into my debrief this morning.
l'm curious if that was
her request or yours.
Hers.
Frankly, l'm surprised you
didn't assign her yourself...
since she's
the only one in the section
who's ever been to Iraq.
lt's not her résumé
l have a problem with.
It's her temperament.
What happened?
She turned a routine follow-up
into a cross-examination.
Kept trying to connect
Brody to Abu Nazir.
It's always Nazir with her.
l won't deny
she can be a little obsessive
on the subject.
ls there something
I should know, Saul?
Not that l'm aware of.
Because the last time
I heard her like this,
she bribed her way
into an Iraqi prison,
caused an international crisis.
l appreciate your concern.
Carrie has learned her lesson.
And we both know
how good she is.
What did l tell you
when I agreed to give her
one more chance?
You said only if l agreed
to do the babysitting.
l said it would end badly-
for both of you.
You've got a big blind spot
where she's concerned.
Trust me. I did too.
Now my wife lives
in Palm Beach, and l only
see my kids twice a year.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Quacking ]
[ Girl Chuckling ]
I know.
[ Door Opens ]
Did you fix the audio?
Well, we'll know soon enough.
l set up a directional mike
near the band shell.
Max, switch to channel three.
Somebody's approaching
Brody from 1 :00-
a female, dark red coat.
[ Static Whining ]
[ Woman ]
I didn't think you'd
be able to make it.
[ Brody ]
I don't understand why
you had to go through Mike.
Why didn't you just
call me yourself?
I did. Twice.
- Are you recording this?
- But your wife answered.
- She didn't give me
any messages.
- Because l hung up.
She hates me, Brody.
Ηates you? Why?
Because I got remarried.
Jessica reacted like
it was a personal insult.
Like l was publicly
giving up hope that you
and Tom were still alive.
What the-
Who the hell is she?
Ηelen Walker. lt's the wife
of the other missing marine.
Ah, well, then
she's not Brody's contact.
Just keep listening.
[ Sighs ]
The Pentagon said
you both were dead.
And now they're refusing
to give me any information
about what happened to Tom.
What do you want to know?
How he died.
Ηe's gone.
Does it really matter
how it happened?
lt does to me.
Ηe was beaten to death.
Were you there?
[ Blows Landing ]
[ Grunting ]
No.
Thank you for telling me.
l'm going home.
Want to be there in time
for this barbecue.
Hold on a second.
Max, will you
give us a minute?
Max, step out of the van.
l didn't think that this
was any of my business.
Now l'm thinking that it is.
Clozapine?
l'm sorry.
Was l supposed
to say something?
Just tell me l'm not out here
risking federal prison
on behalf of a crazy person.
l am crazy.
It's not funny.
lf anybody at the Agency
finds out about this-
l've got a mood disorder,
okay?
l looked it up, Carrie.
Clozapine's an antipsychotic.
l'm dealing with it.
l've-l've been dealing
with it since I was 22.
- Does Saul know?
- God, no.
No. Nobody does.
Don't act so shocked.
l mean, it can't come
as a complete surprise.
You know l love you, Carrie,
but l gotta be honest.
None of this is
making me feel any better.
What are you saying?
Τhat l'm making this shit up?
Well, maybe l am.
You know, maybe it is
all in my head.
But you're in it now, Virgil,
up to your fucking neck, and so
is your weird little brother,
so don't even think
about bailing on me.
[ Dog Barking ln Distance ]
You think for one minute
you get away with this?
l thought that once
I had some proof-
Do you have any?
[ Sighs ]
Anything...
even suggesting
that Sergeant Brody's
what you think he is.
- No.
- Then get a lawyer.
'Cause you're gonna need one
when you report to the l.G.
first thing in the morning.
Saul, please.
There isn't
anything to say.
l-l'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
Well, l'm glad someone's
looking out for the country, Carrie.
l'm serious. I missed
something once before.
l won't- l can't
let that happen again!
lt was 1 0 years ago.
Everyone missed
something that day.
Yeah, everyone's not me.
l understand that.
l doubt a grand jury will.
Come on.
You recruited me, Saul.
You trained me.
You put me in the field.
Τell me what l can do
to make this right
between us.
What the fuck are you doing?
[ Sobs ]
Good-bye, Carrie.
[ Sighs ]
[ Door Closes ]
Aw, fuck!
Shit.
♪♪ [ Jazz ]
You know,
I'm shaking his hand.
lt's the vice president.
Then l suddenly realize...
l don't even know
the guy's name.
[ Laughing ]
You know?
[ Chattering ]
Hey.
Ηi.
Geez, you don't call,
you don't write.
We have to talk.
'Cause you can't
keep ducking me.
l'm not ducking you.
l'm just trying to deal
with the situation.
Yeah, well,
you're not the only one.
Look, l understand you want
to do the right thing,
and l support you.
But, Jess,
three days ago
we were about to
tell your kids.
We were talking about
moving in together.
[ Whispering ]
Mike, please.
♪♪ [ Stereo: Rock ]
Ηey, you want me to forget it?
You know, all you got to do
is tell me that it wasn't
great between us.
He's my husband, Mike.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Man ]
♪ I'm gonna break it on down ♪
They're gonna burn.
The burgers.
Oh. Right.
Hey.
[ Scraping Grill ]
So, Mike's been a big help
to your mom, huh?
He comes around
whenever she needs him.
You like him?
Yeah, he's cool.
There you go.
One's for Mom.
♪ Let's set the world on fire ♪
♪ Let's set the world
Set the world ♪♪
♪♪ [ Jazz ]
l'm just saying l think
somebody somewhere is
looking at him right now...
and thinking congressman
or senator or-
[ Sighs ]
You know?
[ No Sound ]
Can l ask you
a personal question?
Don't you want to get
a couple more drinks in me first?
You're married?
No.
But you wear a ring.
Oh, weeds out the guys
looking for a relationship.
What?
Uh, l- l don't know.
l guess l've never heard it
put so bluntly before.
l just find it a lot easier
not to screw things up
with people l don't know.
Come on.
You can't be all that bad.
What if l told you
l betrayed my only true friend
in the world today,
just played him for a fool,
put his 35-year career at risk?
l would say
that in this town
you're in good company.
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Another, please.
[ Man ]
Τhese guys are pretty good.
Want to grab a table?
l'd rather just get out of here.
Okay.
Where should we go?
l'm done
making the decisions.
You're in charge now.
Wow. Okay. l like it.
♪♪ [ Upbeat Jazz ]
Are you coming?
Ηey, Carrie.
Are you okay?
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Typing ]
What am I
looking at here?
His right hand.
Ηe's just nervous.
No. No. Look again.
lt's a pattern. lt repeats,
like a musical phrase.
There.
That's hardly definitive.
No. Just... wait.
[ Typing ]
This is him
outside his house.
And here he is
at Andrews Air Force Base.
[ Beeping ]
Okay, do you-
do you see?
lt- lt happens
whenever he's on camera,
whenever he knows
the world is watching.
lt's the same sequence
over and over again.
A code of some kind.
He's making contact, Saul.
Ηe's sending a message
to somebody- a handler,
a sleeper cell, somebody.
We should explore this further.
Let's get the crypto guys on it.
Pittman's team is the best.
Plus, he knows how
to be discreet.
l'll get his number.
So am l still going to jail?
Not just yet.
[ Panting ]
[ Brody ]
What do you want to know?
[ Helen ] How he died.
Were you there?
No.
[ Panting Continues ]
[ Carrie ]
Did you ever meet him?
[ Brody ] Abu Nazir?
Was he ever present during
any of your interrogations?
[ Grunts ]
Again.
No, I never met him.
- Harder.
- [ Grunting ]
[ Anguished Shout ]
Shh.
[ Crying ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]
English - US - PSDΗ